#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Hi High"
(After a few days, they came to a studio to do a photo shoot!)
JinSoul: It's our very first time
JinSoul: to work as a full group
Yves: Yes!
Go Won: Right
JinSoul: So I'm so excited and feeling happy~
(Couldn't guess Yves and Go Won's intention in reacting like that...)
Yves: JinSoul is the best senior as we expected!
JinSoul: Right, I'm the best in saying a great quote!
Yves: She totally rocked here!
JinSoul: Hey guys, follow me now~
Yves & Go Won: Okay~
JinSoul: Suffocating...
(First attempt!)
(Second attempt!)
JinSoul: Now it's your turn~!
Yves: Suffocating~
JinSoul: Backside!
JinSoul: Okay, do it now!
Yves & Go Won: Suffocating!
(It seems that they're trying to make fun of JinSoul....)
Yves: I'm trying to mimick her facial expression
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/JinSoul - Singing in the Rain"
'1, 2, 3'
(Anyway she keeps teasing JinSoul!)
Yves: Is it the same?
(But JinSoul is not satisfied with it)
(It's the dignity of original 八 alike eyebrows)
*八 means 8 in Chinese character)
Go Won: I can make my eye brows more cheeky~
(She becomes the most cheeky member of LOOΠΔ!)
Go Won: WHYYYYY?
Yves: So annoying~